Release 0.84.0 (#2124)
packit/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.84.0

- Packit no longer accepts `packit.json` or `.packit.json` as a configuration file name. (#2123)

> - Packit now updates ACL of its own dist-git forks to allow users and groups with commit rights to the original dist-git repo to push directly to a fork. (#2112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Packit now updates ACL of a dist-git fork when creating dist-git PRs to allow users and groups with commit rights to the original dist-git repo to push directly to a source branch. (#2112)
```

This affects all the CLI users as well if I am not mistaken.
